Add storage.session.setAccessLevel() (#25939)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/storage/storagearea/setaccesslevel/index.md

---
title: StorageArea.setAccessLevel()
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/storage/StorageArea/setAccessLevel
page-type: webextension-api-function
browser-compat: webextensions.api.storage.StorageArea.setAccessLevel
---

{{AddonSidebar()}}

> Sets the access level for the storage area. The default is trusted contexts only.

Reviewer: The default
```suggestion
Sets the access level for the storage area.

This method is currently only supported for the `storage.session` StorageArea.

Unlike other storage areas, `storage.session` is only available to privileged extension contexts. This `setAccessLevel` method can be used to opt in to exposing the storage area to content scripts too. All other storage areas default to being exposed to all extension contexts, including content scripts.
```

Suggestion with more details.

This is an asynchronous function that returns a [`Promise`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise).

## Syntax

```js-nolint

> let accessLevelSetting = browser.storage.<storageType>.setAccessLevel(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await browser.storage.<storageType>.setAccessLevel(
```

The return value is not that useful. I recommend to either omit it or prepend `await` in front of it. Or rename it so that the type is more clear.
